# XIP - 01 [WIP]
This spec will layout the design for network which will be built on kademila DHT where each node on the network stores 1-2GB data.

Omega masternodes will transition to be referred to as ``archival nodes`` and will serve the purpose of being a back-up to the network for the first time creating value for the network.

Messages will have a 140 character limit.

Images will be supported but only in PNG and JIF formats with a 4 MB limit

message example

```json
{
  "key": {
    "hash": "",
    "message": "",
    "imageData": ""
  }
}
```

comments look up

```json
{
  "hash": [listofcomments]
}
```

comment example
message example

```json
{
  "c + key": {
    "parent" : "parentsKey",
    "hash": "",
    "message": "",
    "imageData": ""
  }
}
```

**key:** sha256 hash of message

**hash:** omega signed payment of ``(message + len(message) + optional(imageData + len(imageData)))``. Will be used to verify if it is a valid message on the network. Can be checked by communicating with Omega validators.

**messageType:**
```rust
enum messageType {
    text,
    png,
    jpeg
}
```
**message:** a serialized version of the message


## Users
will be composed of a public-private key pair

## message cost
all messages posted to the network will cost a small fee costing fractions of a cent.

If a user wants to send more data they will need to pay an exponentially bigger fee.

The fee will end up being something like network usage + linear fee based off bytes + exponential fee if > 4 mb

The requirement of this will be it must be done deterministically TBD



### Finding user data
By doing a findContent request of the users public key which will return a list of all messages
```json
{
  "userPublicKey": [listOfAllMessageKeys]
}
```

### Usernames, Profile Pictures, Bio
Will be done through public a X DNS network a service offered by masternodes

Changing these values will cost a fee to the network which will burt.

### Daily messages
Will be cached on masternodes for quick userlook will act as a discovery feed